feat: parse log sessionids sent from firefox [CONSVC-1839] (#397)
mozilla-services/merino: docs/data.md

    the query string, or an empty string if none were requested (in which case
    the default values would be used).
  - `client_variants` - Any client variants sent to Merino in the query string.

>   - `session_id` - an uuid generated by the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `session_id` - a uuid generated by the client for each search session.
```

>   - `sequence number` - an event counter that resets whenever the session ID resets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `sequence number` - A 0-based event counter that records the entire query sequence within each search session.
```

>   - `sequence_no` - an event counter that resets whenever the session ID resets.

Reviewer: Nit: let's add a little bit of context for the log consumers.

```
 A client-side event counter (0-based) that records the query sequence within each search session.
```
